---
layout: post-2
title: Key Insights
description: Our best response is to be who we are as best we can
image: assets/images/pic02.jpg
---

There is confusion about SALA, and as a result, expectations from both inside and outside stakeholders vary wildly. SALA is either amazing or terrible, doing a great job or doing a bad job. The lack of a unifying story leaves everyone to create their own idealized version, and measure against it. 

SALA has many challenges when compared to similar institutions. This can, however, create a certain freedom to define a new space. If we forget trying to be like everyone else, and be more like ourselves instead, we will be in a comparative set of one. 

Let others fight over rankings, size, and equipment which will unrelentingly become obsolete. Forget the arms race and instead let’s make ourselves even more exclusive, free and innovative: the things we already have in abundance. Let’s be ambitious, create our own game, and dominate it.  

Here’s what I mean. An honours student in English Literature is not fascinated with English, they are fascinated with finding truth, beautifully revealed. It’s not the language, it’s the impact it can have, how it can change things. Architecture, landscape architecture, urban planning, these too are just languages and systems we use to  understand the world, so that we can develop ways to improve it. SALA is the catalyst, the incubator, the particle-accelerator that provokes the brightest minds to design solutions that improve life. 

We have never heard of, nor did we meet anyone at SALA, who was happy with the status quo. This profession does not say, “ya let’s just do that same thing again.” You were all born with explorers’ blood pumping through your veins; you know that everything can be made better. And because of your size, your challenges, your location, your connectivity, you have become a scrappy family of fighters, who are, when you are at your best, able to do things the lumbering large schools just can’t.

<h2>Conclusion</h2>
We are more than a school. We are out to make the world a better place, and we use SALA as a tool to do it.

<br>

<ul class="actions">
	<li><a href="{{ "/2016/08/23/magna.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" class="button special">Next > Part One: Brand Strategy</a></li>
</ul>