---
layout: post-2
title: Part Two
subtitle: Brand Positioning
description: Five essential facts
image: assets/images/pic04.jpg
---

<h2>Fact 1: Who We Are</h2>
<h3>A description that make sense to outside stakeholders:</h3>

<div class="box-blur">We are more than a school. We are catalysts and collaborators driven by a shared desire to design solutions that make the world a better place.</div>

---

<h2>Fact 2: Our Target</h2>
<h3>The broadest definition:</h3>

<div class="box-blur">We are a catalyzing institution fuelled by and connected to many conspirators: students, faculty, staff, professionals, funders, and the public-at-large. They all share a belief that our profession can give birth to a better world.</div>

---

<h2>Fact 3: Point of Reference</h2>
<h3>How we want to be seen by outside stakeholders:</h3>

<div class="box-blur">A squad of critical thinkers  exploring creative ideas that have a huge impact on the profession, and the world.</div> 

---

<h2>Fact 4: Point of Difference</h2>
<h3>What is the core theme that makes us unique:</h3>

<div class="box-blur">We are a school, but training is just part of what we do. SALA is driven to use architecture and landscape architecture as a means to better the world.</div>

---

<h2>Fact 5: Reasons to Believe</h2>
<h3>What’s the proof?</h3>

<div class="box-blur">We have work to do here. We know there is proof but we haven’t done a very good job of telling our truths. With this new brand framework we have a WAY to talk about our people and history, and leverage both to prove who we have been, who we are, and who we will become.  We have already made the world a better place, and will continue to do so today and tomorrow.</div>

<br>

<ul class="actions">
	<li><a href="{{ "/2016/08/21/consequat.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" class="button special">Next > Part Three: Positioning Statement</a></li>
</ul>