---
layout: post-2
title: Part One
subtitle: Brand Strategy
description: Five perspectives on what the brand stands for
image: assets/images/pic03.jpg
---

<h2>Perspective 1: Brand Ambition</h2>
<h3>What we are striving to be known for:</h3>

We are the Navy Seals of architecture/landscape architecture schools: small, unique, nimble, focused, effective, driven.  We exist outside the norm, in the middle of our own living laboratory. 

---




<h2>Perspective 2: Brand Purpose</h2>
<h3>The reason we are excited about SALA:</h3>

We believe that all things are and must be connected. Students and faculty and staff. The alumni and the students. The school and the community. The school and the university. The profession and the institution. The students and practitioners. The buildings and the space between the buildings. The spaces and the places. The built environment and the people who inhabit it. <strong>By recognizing and honouring the connectivities that fascinate us we can make the world a better place.</strong>

---

<h2>Perspective 3: Brand Values</h2>
<h3>Characteristics that are key to the institution:</h3>

<div class="box">
<p><strong>Innovation:</strong> when challenged by resources, or intrigued by seemingly unsolvable issues, we develop unique responses that work.</p>

<p><strong>Curiosity:</strong> Our culture encourages exploration, and seekers of truth will find collaborators amongst faculty, students, staff and the outside world.</p>

<p><strong>Freedom:</strong> Students and Faculty are free to create an experience that satisfies their own intellectual interests. You can never step into the same river twice.</p>
</div>

---

<h2>Perspective 4: Brand Essence</h2>
<h3>The philosophy that drives us forward, our institutional DNA:</h3>

The School of Connectivities.

---

<h2>Perspective 5: Brand Promise</h2>
<h3>Our commitment to our audiences:</h3>

We help explore how architecture, landscape architecture and other design-disciplines can impact connected systems in ways that interest you most.

<br>

<ul class="actions">
	<li><a href="{{ "/2016/08/22/ipsum.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}" class="button special">Next > Part Two: Brand Positioning</a></li>
</ul>